.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-create-domain.1
.\"
.TH CREATE_APP 1 "JANUARY 2011" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rhc-create-app \- creates a new hosted application at
rhcloud.com
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rhc-create-app [-n
.I namespace
.B ]
.B [-a
.I application_name
.B ]
.B [-r
.I local_repo_path
.B ]
.B [-t
.I framework_type
.B ] [-b] [-d] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rhc-create-app
create a new application at rhcloud.com. Once
created the application will be available at
.B app_name.namespace.rhcloud.com

At the moment the only repo type supported is
git.  Git pushes via ssh+git and uses
.I ~/.ssh/id_rsa_libra
which was created automatically when
.I rhc-create-domain
was run. Once an application has been created,
.BR rhc-ctl-app (1)
actually allows control of that application
including starting, stopping and destroying
the application. To update a new application, cd to the newly
created repo directory (specified by
.BR -r|--repo
) then make your changes and run
.BR git
.BR push
.BR origin
.BR master
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-n|--namespace namespace"
Desired namespace to create.  Alphanumeric
.IP "-a|--app application_name"
Name of application to create
.IP "-r|--repo repo_path"
Local repo to create (must be empty)
.IP "-t|--type framework_type"
Framework type to create.  Currently only php-5.3.2 is supported
.IP -b|--bypass
Bypass any TOS/SLA warnings and notifications
.IP -d|--debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP -h|--help
Display help menu
.SH FILES
.I /etc/libra.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR libra.conf (5)
for further details
.RE
.I ~/.libra
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR libra.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.ssh/config
.RS
SSH Config file is altered automatically to create support for
newly created libra hosts.  Should be harmless.  See
.BR ssh_config (5)
for more information.
.RE
.I ~/.ssh/id_rsa_libra
.RS
SSH key created by rhc-create-domain to interact with libra services
see
.BR ssh-keygen (1)
for more information
.RE
.SH BUGS
Please contact the Red Hat Libra team.
TODO: ADD EXTERNAL BUG TRACKER OR LIBRA TEAM CONTACT EMAIL
.SH AUTHOR
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-create-domain (1),
.BR rhc-ctl-app (1),
.BR libra.conf (5),
